(load "example.lisp")
clisp -i file.lisp
1.  A cons is a two-part data structure. Lists are made of conses linked together.
2.  The predicate equal is less strict than eql. Essentially, it returns true if its arguments print the same.
3.  All Lisp objects behave like pointers. You never have to manipulate pointers explicitly.
4.  You can copy lists with copy-list, and join their elements with append.
5.  Run-length encoding is a simple compression algorithm for use in restaurants.
6.  Common Lisp has a variety of access functions defined in terms of car and cdr.
7.  Mapping functions apply a function to successive elements, or succes- sive tails
8.  Operations on nested lists are sometimes considered as operations on trees.
9.  To judge a recursive function, you only have to consider whether it covers all the cases.
10. Lists can be used to represent sets. Several built-in functions view lists this way.
11. Keyword arguments are optional, and are identified not by position, but by symbolic tags that precede them.
12. Lists are a subtype of sequences. Common Lisp has a large number of sequence functions.
13. A cons that isn't a proper list is called a dotted list.
14. Lists with conses as elements can be used to represent mappings. Such lists are called assoc-lists.
15. Automatic memory management saves you from dealing with memory allocation, but generating excessive garbage can make programs slow.

properList: (list) ->
  !list || properList(cdr(list))

> (setf dot (cons 'a 'b))
(A . B)
> (car dot)
A
> (cdr dot)
B
> (setf lst (list 'a 'b))
(A B)
> (car lst)
A
> (cdr lst)
(B)
> (eql (car dot) (car lst))
T
> (eql (cdr dot) (cdr lst))
NIL

